---
title: "Disclaimer"
date: 2017-11-15T20:47:52-05:00
draft: true
---

Every reasonable effort has been made to accurately represent these procedures and techniques and their potential. There is trading risk of financial loss. There is no guarantee that you will earn any money using the trading techniques and ideas in this book. Examples in this book are not to be interpreted as a promise or guarantee of earnings. Earning potential is entirely dependent on the mentality of the person using the information. We do not purport this as a get rich scheme. Your level of success in attaining the results in this book depends on the time you devote to the ideas and techniques mentioned, global economic events, your finances, knowledge and various skills. Since these factors differ according to individuals, we cannot guarantee your success or profit level. Nor are we responsible for any of your actions.

Materials in this manual may contain information that includes forward-looking statements that give our expectations or forecasts of future events. You can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. They use words such as anticipate, estimate, expect, project, intend, plan, believe, and other words and terms of similar meaning in connection with a description of potential earnings or financial performance. Any and all forward looking statements in this book are intended to express our opinion of earnings potential. Many factors will be important in determining your actual results and no guarantees are made that you will achieve results similar to ours . In fact no guarantees are made that you will achieve any results from our ideas and techniques in our materials at all. The purchase of this manual and your independent decision to utilize any or all of the techniques reflects your understanding and acknowledgement of this disclaimer.

There is an old expression which says that two is company; three is a crowd. While this expression does not literally apply to trading, it does apply figuratively. In trading, strategies work best when smaller numbers of traders use the identical strategies. For example, when a strategy indicates that it is time to sell, if everyone were to sell at the same time, the strategy would not work because there would be no buyers. Therefore, to maintain the effectiveness of the strategies in this book, it is imperative that you share them with no one. To do so will only hurt your own profitability, our profitability, and the effectiveness of the strategies for everyone else.

DO NOT SHARE THIS INFORMATION WITH OTHER TRADERS. THE AUTHORS WARRANT THAT NO MORE THAN 250 COPIES OF THIS MANUAL WILL BE MADE AVAILABLE TO THE PUBLIC.
